what's up everyone Jeremy here MTG
headquarters do when I do opening
product and I'm working through all of
the dragon based products so make sure
you subscribe to the channel and follow
along and we'll get right to it so my
first intro pack is the azorius
authority white blue so was one of my
second favorite guilds draft in return
to ravnica so sorry authority nothing
succeeds like a brilliant plan and no
one plans better than the azorius lay
down lay down the law with the azorius
authority deck detaining your opponent's
actions while legions of sky Knights fly
over with the final verdict and as
always you get a ready to play 60 card
deck featuring a foil premium Lavinia of
the tenth and two sealed gay Kratts our
dragon's maze booster packs so I'm going
to open this up and again like the idea
of the intro packs is really to just
feature I think just to really feature a
guilds mechanic and you know yes it's
are ready to play deck can you go to ask
them and win with it no and I'll go
through the rares that are in this how
do you guys like Drake is amazing so far
I think anytime you get a new set it's
easy to love it's like a new puppy
alright we've got our foil lavinia here
we've got azorius arrestors of course
silver Colt Lions it's probably a solid
deck slipping out of my hands upgrading
this with some like aether Ling's eighth
arises steal our secrets solid lifescan
it that's solid sense bar gatekeepers
soul sworn spirit that's an all-star um
you've got your Gil gates four of those
your planes eyes lands wow there's all
arrest it's the most difficult to find
uncommon ever when you're playing sealed
I never see it righteous charges restore
the peace a the only ruin the whole pack
is a martial law but martial law is
actually pretty good and so you have
lavinia of the 10th as well nothing
special about her since everyone gets
hurt then you get the little how to play
guide about this particular deck and
then two booster packs so let's see if
we find anything to help a lot of people
ask you know is there good value in an
intro pack maybe if you're a brand brand
new player you don't have enough card to
build a deck that's kind of what I'll
tell people plasm capture is our rare
Simic counter target spell at the
beginning of your next pre combat main
phase at X mana of any combination of
colors were to your mana pool or access
that spells converted mana cost men
that's what I say about that card
meth definitely no bomb is already a
card to them that you just have to put
all right we got a serta druid I send la
mage that's a solid card flying hexproof
that goes right in if it's me putrefied
in a cross de or chorros de Gorgon
golgari no help there and a sign of vitu
Ghazi 5 drop for a 44 when it enters the
battlefield if you cast it from your
hand put a white white bird token
creature onto the field with flying and
that and populate so that's more of a
Celestia card but maybe you could work
it in there if you wanted so that is the
azorius authority there's nothing hiding
in the pre constructed deck deck that
would make this a great value if you'd
like to play as aureus and you don't
have a deck then maybe look at it but
and obviously the two boosters are just
a crapshoot anyway so I hope you enjoyed
this and I hope it was somewhat helpful
if you're new to the channel make sure
you subscribe so you can be informed as
I upload all the others take a moment to
crush that thumbs up button if you if
you love me like I love you I look
forward to chatting edged gathering with
you in the comments section down below
thanks again and we'll talk to you real
soon
you